[docs] Batch Upload Sizing (#1226)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/documentation/tutorials/bulk-upload.md

  shard_number: 2,
});
```

## Sizing Upsert Batches

Users trying to upsert points will usually see that you can do a series of points in one request, so the natural way is to just put all points you want to insert or change into one request, but that may lead to timeouts, which is frustrating.

The solution is to split the points into chunks and upsert those chunks. That invites the question of how big those chunks should be? This document aims to give you a guideline for exactly that.

### Suggested Batch Sizes

> Look up the rough number of entries in your points' payload on the left. Then look up the column by an estimate of the average payload value size. The following table shows you the recommended upsert batch size in points:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, find the approximate number of fields in your points' payload from the left-hand column. Then, match it with the estimated average payload size in the columns to the right. The table below provides the recommended upsert batch size based on these values.
```

I think this is easier to comprehend.

> no. of entries of size | 100 bytes | 1k   | 2k   | 5k   | 10k  | >100k

Reviewer: ```suggestion
no. of entries of size | 100 bytes | 1KB  | 2KB  | 5KB  | 10KB  | >100KB
```
